# Welcome to the OpenEPaperLink wiki!

This is an alternative firmware and protocol for the ZBS243-based Electronic Shelf Labels - ESL / price tags by Solum / Samsung. It can be used to setup E-Paper tags and supply them with content.

The software in this project consists of two parts: Accesspoint-firmware and Tag firmware. Additionally, there are various hardware designs for accesspoints and flasher-interfaces to program the tags, preferably using programming jigs

While considerable effort has been spent researching all this, most of the information here has been gathered from the tags themselves, information in the FCC database, or extrapolated from other information. Since there are very few official sources of information, this is the best we could do. We probably got some stuff wrong.

Please add additional information where possible!

## Tags

- [1.54″ ST-GR16000](tags/1.54″‐1.6″-ST‐GR16000.md)
- [2.9″ ST‐GR29000](tags/2.9″-ST‐GR29000.md)
- [2.9″ ST-GM29XXF Low Temp](tags/2.9″-ST‐GM29XXF-Low-Temp.md)
- [Segmented Tag SLT‐EM007 UK version](tags/Segmented-Tag-SLT‐EM007-UK-version.md)
- [Segmented Tag SLT‐EM104 EU‐DE version](tags/Segmented-Tag-SLT‐EM104-EU‐DE-version.md)
- [Segmented Tag SLT‐ES104 EU‐DE version](tags/Segmented-Tag-SLT‐ES104-EU‐DE-version.md)

## Hardware

- Processor: [ZBS243 (SEM9110) SoC](hardware/ZBS243-(SEM9110)-SoC.md)
- [NFC chip](hardware/NFC-Solum-2.9″-and-1.54″.md)
- [Troubleshooting tags](hardware/Troubleshooting-Tags.md)
- [Building an Access Point](hardware/Building-an-Access-Point.md)

## Usage

- [Zero-config Multiple Access Points](usage/Multiple-Access-Points.md)
- [Firmware updates](usage/Firmware-updates.md)

### Images generated by esp32

- [Google calendar](usage/Google-calendar)

### User generated images 

- [Image specs](usage/Image-specs.md)
- [Push external image](usage/Image-upload-demo.md)
- [Pull external image](usage/Image-pull.md)
- [Home Assistant](usage/Home-assistant.md)

### Misc stuff

- [FAQ](misc/FAQ.md)
